##Loops, Methods, Classes

1. Symmetric Numbers in Range - Write a program to generate and **print all symmetric numbers in given range [start...end]**. A number is symmetric if its digits are symmetric toward its middle. For example, the numbers 101, 33, 989 and 5 are symmetric, but 102, 34 and 997 are not symmetric.

2. Generate 3-Letter Words - Write a program to generate and **print all 3-letter words consisting of given set of characters**. For example if we have the characters '**a**' and '**b**', all possible words will be "**aaa**", "**aab**", "**aba**", "**abb**", "**baa**", "**bab**", "**bba**" and "**bbb**". The input characters are given as string at the first line of the input. Input characters are **unique** (there are no repeating characters).

3. Full House - In most Poker games, the "**full house**" hand is defined as three cards of the same face + two cards of the same face, other than the first, regardless of the card's suits. The cards faces are **"2", "3", "4", "5", "6", "7", "8", "9", "10", "J", "Q", "K" and "A"**. The card suits are **"♣", "♦", "♥" and "♠"**. Write a program to generate and print all full houses and print their number.

4. Full House with Jokers - In most Poker games, the "**full house**" hand is defined as three cards of the same face + two cards of the same face, other than the first, regardless of the card's suits. The cards faces are **"2", "3", "4", "5", "6", "7", "8", "9", "10", "J", "Q", "K" and "A"**. The card suits are **"♣", "♦", "♥" and "♠"**. A special card "**Joker**" (denoted as "\*") is used as **wildcard** and can replace any other card. Jokers do not have a suite. Jokes can be used several times in a hand. Write a program to generate and print all full houses and print their number.

5. Angle Unit Converter (Degrees ↔ Radians) - Write a **method** to **convert from degrees to radians**. Write a **method** to **convert from radians to degrees**. You are given a number **n** and **n** queries for conversion. Each conversion **query** will consist of a **number + space + measure**. Measures are "**deg**" and "**rad**". Convert all radians to degrees and all degrees to radians. Print the results as n lines, each holding a number + space + measure. Format all numbers with 6 digit after the decimal point.

6. Random Hands of 5 Cards - Write a program to generate **n random hands of 5 different cards** form a standard suit of 52 cards.

7. Days between Two Dates - Write a program to calculate the **difference between two dates** in number of days. The dates are entered at two consecutive lines in format **day-month-year**. Days are in range [1...31]. Months are in range [1...12]. Years are in range [1900...2100].

8. Sum Numbers from a Text File - Write a program to read a text file "**Input.txt**" holding a sequence of integer numbers, each at a separate line. Print the **sum of the numbers** at the console. Ensure you close correctly the file in case of exception or in case of normal execution. In case of exception (e.g. the file is missing), print "**Error**" as a result. 

9. List of Products - Create a class **Product** to hold products, which have **name** (string) and **price** (decimal number). Read from a text file named "**Input.txt**" a **list of products**. Each product will be in format **name + space + price**. You should hold the products in objects of class **Product**. **Sort** the products by **price** and write them in format **price + space + name** in a file named "**Output.txt**". Ensure you close correctly all used resources.

10. Order of Products - Create a class **Product** to hold products, which have **name** (string) and **price** (decimal number). Read from a text file named "**Input.txt**" a **list of products**. Each product will be in format **name + space + price**. You should hold the products in objects of class **Product**. Read from a text file named "**Order.txt**" an order of products with quantities. Each order line will be in format **product + space + quantity**. Calculate and print in a text file "**Output.txt**" the total price of the order. Ensure you close correctly all used resources.

11. Excel - You are given an Excel file **Incomes-Report.xlsx** holding an incomes report. Each office puts in this Excel file all their incomes (office, date, description, income, 20% VAT, total income). Your task is to **read the report** and to calculate the **incomes sub-totals for each office** (with VAT). Order the offices alphabetically. Print the result at the console in format town **Total -> incomes**. Finally calculate and print the **grand total** (the sum of all incomes in all offices). You are free to use a Java library of choice to open and read Excel spreadsheets (**.xlsx files**).